Drive, drive, drive, drive, hey.
Hurry up, where is the modern sect master?
Get him out
Congratulations congratulations congratulations
Congratulations congratulations congratulations sir congratulations madam
Are the people of this Demon Sect so enthusiastic?
The real doctor, people call me a stinky beggar
You are so enthusiastic
Rotten eggs, this is the Demon Sect
Do you play
Don't play fuck
Let's go in
Hey, I want eggs for this one.
The devil squirrel holds a wedding banquet here
How is the casino?
This Bliss Temple is divided into three levels
The first floor is the casino
The second floor is the auction
The third floor is the wedding reception
If you want to attend the wedding reception, you need at least 500 million in cash
If I don't have money, break in
Be careful to scare the snake
And there are many ordinary people in Elysium Temple
Try not to touch me
Have a hand